(bright music)
♪ I've got a telegraph in my hand ♪
♪ Words on paper, written in sand ♪
♪ We've got telegraph ♪
♪ Right across this land ♪
♪ All across this land ♪
♪ It doesn't mean a damn thing ♪
♪ We don't understand ♪
♪ But who needs telegraph anyway ♪
(bright music continues)
♪ I've got a telegraph ♪
♪ In my hand ♪
♪ Words on paper ♪
♪ Written in sand ♪
♪ We've got telegraph ♪
♪ Right across this land ♪
♪ All across this land ♪
♪ It doesn't mean a damn thing ♪
♪ It doesn't mean a thing ♪
♪ We don't understand ♪
♪ We never understand ♪
(Singer screams)
♪ God's got telegraph ♪
♪ On his side ♪
(Singer screams)
♪ It makes him powerful ♪
♪ Gives him pride ♪
♪ Even in America ♪
♪ God bless America ♪
♪ They understand ♪
♪ The value of telegraph ♪
♪ Hand in hand ♪
(bright music continues)
(telegraph beeping)